Hey there, Polycasters.
Rob here.
Welcome back to Ask
Polymer, the show where
you send in your
hashtagged questions
and we do our best to
answer them on air.
So today we're going to
lead off with a question
that a lot of people have
asked which is, "How do you
get your hand to show up in the
screencast that you record?"
So it's a really great question.
We've actually got a
pretty elaborate rig
that we've built that
allows us to do this.
We've got a camera mounted
above a Wacom Cintiq tablet.
And then use a free program
called OmniDazzle that
lets us draw on the screen.
We do all of our screen
casting in Camtasia
and we take all of
that and we throw it
into a big keynote deck.
We just walk through that
and record the whole thing,
mash it together, and post.
So it's a pretty
cool set up and it
allows us to do that
really awesome effect.
All right, our
next question comes
from Jay who asks, "Does Polymer
play nice with Typescript?
And are there official type
definitions for Polymer?"
So a great question, Jay.
There are not
official definitions
that have been created by
the Polymer team, however,
the definitely
typed repo on GitHub
does have Polymer definitions
which you can use to get up
and running with Typescript
and Polymer in your project.
I've used them a little bit
in an Angular 2 experiment
that I did.
So you can use those.
They're not fully
featured, if you will,
but they will get
you started rolling
with Typescript and Polymer.
So thank you, Jay, for
sending in that question.
Our next question
comes from Thomas
who asks, "How do I go about
including a third party library
in my Polymer elements?"
Good question there, Thomas.
What I would recommend is
creating an HTML import that
contains the script tag for
that third party library,
and then your elements
can depend on that import.
So you can see an example
of this right over here
from this Chart.js element
set that I created.
There's an import for Chart.js,
everybody else depends on that.
Hopefully, in the future,
authors just bend those imports
for us, but today that's the
workaround that we recommend.
And I should add
the reason we do
that is so you can have
multiple elements depending
on that thing and
HTML imports will just
de-duplicate it for you.
Great question, Thomas.
Thank you for sending that in.
All right, our
next question comes
from Wheatley who asks, "What
would be the suggested way
to do routing in a
Polymer application?"
Excellent question, Wheatley.
What I would recommend is you
go check out a previous episode
on using Page.js, that is
actually how I've been doing it
in my applications.
We also did an episode on an
element called Moar Routing,
but it's not so well
maintained these days,
so I'd recommend
sticking with Page.js.
Also if you're interested,
you can check out
over here this thing that
we've been working on on GitHub
called web-component-shards.
So that actually allows you
to take your element bundles
and break them up into pieces,
and maybe lazy load them.
This is still very
experimental, but this
might be our long-term solution
to allowing you to lazy load
stuff with your router.
So thank you so much,
Wheatley, for sending
in that awesome,
awesome question.
All right.
Our last question
comes from Paul
who asks, "Are there plans to
add paper elements for date
and time pickers?"
Great question, Paul.
We want to make sure
that before we go
and create new elements that
we've got our current paper
elements as buttoned
up as possible.
So that means
fixing bugs on them,
making sure that
they're really polished,
the APIs do everything
everybody wants.
So there's no near term plans
to add those extra elements,
because we want to focus on
the set that we currently have.
However, having said that,
there are community members
who have created their own
implementations of both
of these.
So you can check out
a date-picker here
and a time-picker over here.
Those are also available
on customelements.io.
You can browse through some
of the elements on that site.
Maybe go try those out and
they might meet your needs.
Thank you so much for that
really awesome question, Paul.
So that's it for today.
Thanks to everyone
who sent in questions.
If you out there have questions
you want us to answer,
you can ping us on a social
network of your choosing
at #AskPolymer.
As always, thank you
so much for watching
and I'll see you next time.
I'm K-Pax.